Add known issues for collapsed navbar (#23595)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/partials/known-issues/ui-collapsed-navbar.mdx

### Collapsed navbar does not allow you to click inside the console or namespace picker

#### Affected versions

> This issue affects Vault versions 1.14.0+ and 1.15.0+. A fix for this version will be released in Vault 1.16.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The UI issue affects Vault versions 1.14.0+ and 1.15.0+.
A fix is expected for Vault 1.16.0.
```

Style correction: avoid "this" as a pronoun

#### Issue

> The version of HDS the UI is using does not allow users to click inside the dev console or namespace picker when accessing these components from the collapsed view, triggered in smaller viewports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Vauil UI currently uses a version of HDS that does not allow users to click
within collapsed elements. In particular, the dev console or namespace picker
become inaccessible when viewing the components in smaller viewports.
```

Style correction: 1 idea per sentence, write in active voice

#### Workaround

> Expand the width of the screen until the full navbar is displayed, and click the components from within this state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expand the width of the screen until you deactivate the collapsed view. Once the full navbar is displayed, click the desired components.
```
